first follow the ridges of the neck and arms and back to explore for pain
take an area, roll the pain lumps out and rotate around within that area

take care not to press the hollows in the neck
use a pres and release technique, press for 2sec, then move slightly away, then release

then, with the shoulder, the ridge that runs from the neck through the shoulder has an end point hollow before and under the tip of the shoulder. target it 

then tartet the other side of that ridge - the neck - through up until the base of the head

then the pain all along - whatever knots you found

then with a flatter hand, press and squese the tendon up and down the neck to shoulder. use your four fingers, place them over the ridge and gradually pull them back.

work the top, and both sides of the ridge in the above way

when your finished, drain away the pain by running from up near the ear, along the hair line (under the base of the skull)down then neck and along the top of the shoulder blade ending at the base of the tendon near the hollow of the shoulder

there are three tendons that run through the neck.
1. middle
2. ridge
3. blade

stages
1. first warm up the tendon
2. target pain points
3. relax and sesolve thetion


methods:
C-cup hand: press thumb in

then holding the shoulder, press the upper ridge around the nect with your thumb



the ridge runs through the arm as well - from the neck to behind the arm
another ridge runs through the neck down the back



------------------------------------------

arm


lie on back, with palm facing up
one hand on wrist, the other on sholder working to wrist and back again

next with palm facing down, concentrate on forearm

next put your body on the opposite side of their arm and push from the other direction

lift up hand point in the air and press again (upper arm only)

life hands above head, one hand on their wrist, the other pressing from elbow to shoulder and back again

then one hand above elbow, and with the other pushing from elbow to wrist and back again (tricept muscle)
bycept muscle - put hand below the head,  holding wrist in the air, press the bycelt muscle
put hand on bed (palm down), again holding wrist, press upper arm

palm up, press forearm

holding hand with both hands, lift up and around (see video)

palm down, press forearm tendon with your thumb starting at the elbow hollow

then palm up, press forearm tendon (two lines from elbow to wrist - in a V shape)

massage hand (see vid)

massage each finger starting from write to tip. take each finger through its range of motion by bending the finger (holding the tip) and pushing into the hand

target the thumb tendon inside the large muscle , then move accross the hand, between each finger, well below the webbing, find the tendon for each finger

place hand on mattress, palm facing up, holding the fingers, press your other hand into the palm, find the pain points, mainly between the finger bones inside the palm

run accross all joints and between all joints by pressing them with two fingers

run up and down every valley with your thumb, 
find the pressure hollows in the elbow and palm and shoulder
repeat for each of:
 - hand flat on bed
 - lift hand and flex wrist
 - palm down
 - palm up
 
 the mussel on the forearm is close to the elbow, the sinues run down to the fingertips.  stretch the sinues and press the knots in the mussle
 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------











